### Client

The company, entity, or patron that the user wishes to do business with.

### Member

Points of contact and persons of interest within a client.

### Services

What the user does for business; typically what they do as a service to the client.

### Project

The workhorse; tracks a scheduled, time-boxed engagement with a client at an initally estimated budget in dollar amount.

### ProjectEvent

Persist system autogenerated messages; activity and actions that occur in the lifecycle of a project, for reference and for audit trail. For example, a user completing a ProjectServiceUnit will be summarized and stored as an event.

### ProjectService

Associates the users service that will be provided in a project engagement. The service contributes to the completion of the project and the associated budget, in dollar amount of as a percent (i.e. 50% of the project budget goes to my "IT infrastructure" service). Services must be approved by the client, completed by the user, and paid by the client.

### ProjectServiceUnit

Defines a unit of work towards the completition of a service, in terms of $ or % of the service budget. For example, if the rollout of customer-facing website for a client takes 10 weeks to complete, then the user may enter 5 billable units of work - each needing the client's approval and eventual payment once the unit of work is completed.

### ProjectServiceExtra

Nearly identical to a ProjectServiceUnit model, except these are always dollar amount adhoc extra units of work requested by the client.
